docs: update SECURITY.md (#858)
ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-companion: SECURITY.md

# Security notes

## Reporting security issues

If you found a security issue, please email `lidel [-at-] protocol.ai` ([gpg](https://keybase.io/lidel))  
and CC `ipfs-companion-maintainers [-at-] googlegroups.com`

## Local build and source verification

Security-conscious users can confirm that downloaded package does match source code.

Required steps:

1. Download package version that is to be verified

> 2. Checkout sources of the [same tag](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-companion/tags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check out sources of the [same tag](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-companion/tags)
```
